# `mintmousse.setIconRFG`
This function provides integration with the [Real Favicon Generator](https://realfavicongenerator.net/) by accepting the ZIP file it produces. Instead of manually extracting dozens of icons files, and trying to individually pass them into MintMousse. The library mounts the archive and serves all required assets at the correct paths.

This approach supports a much broader range of platforms and devices than a the other basic single-icon setup, but in most cases isn't needed.

### Usage with Real Favicon Generator

1. Go to [Real Favicon Generator](https://realfavicongenerator.net/) and upload your master image (ideally a high-resolution PNG or SVG)
2. Configure the options for the platforms you want to support (browser, iOS, Android, Windows, etc.)
3. In the final step, set the **Favicon path** to match the MintMousse config `FAVICON_PATH`. The default is `/favicon`.
4. Click **Next**, and for HTML, you should see a "**Download** your favicon package", which will give you the file to pass into this function.

MintMousse will automatically handle serving the contents of the ZIP so that all icons and supporting files (manifests, config XML, etc) are available at the expected URLs for the console.

## Synopsis
```lua
mintmousse.setIconRFG( filepath )
```

## Parameters
`filepath` _string_
:   Path to the `.zip` achieve generated by [Real Favicon Generator](https://realfavicongenerator.net/). MintMousse will mount this archive.

## Returns
Nothing.

## Examples
```lua
mintmousse.setIconRFG("assets/console/RFG.zip")
```

## See Also
- [Controller](index.md)